again and we and peaches and I welcome
you to our next video this video is how
to litter train your bunny now the first
step in their training your bunny is to
get a very very good cage a cage with
good bedding in the bottom or slide-out
which I have that slides in and out so
you can have an even better experience
with flutter training so peaches is
already litter trained so this so this
video will be highly expedited but but
it may take two to three weeks to litter
train your bunny properly first get a
litter box my litter box is has a metal
frame and has a wire grate in it make
sure that the grate is sturdy if you
have a great also a small cat litter box
may be used or just a plain old you know
piece of rag or something but you want
to make sure that that your litter box
can contain everything that it needs to
then put in some some litter bedding you
can use a normal cat litter but that
tends to irritate the skin up nettle and
dwarf bunnies
if possible use the prescribed betting
that your breeder recommended for me
that would be coffee chaff coffee chaff
is the special chaff that comes off of
coffee beans and since the bunnies
cannot get to the coffee chaff it's it's
perfectly safe to have in there so I so
I do not recommend using coffee chaff if
you do not have a metal grate on top but
if you do coffee chaff is a very very
good choice coffee trough smells very
good and also masks masks the odor of a
bunny poo which we do need because yeah
that can get pretty smelly so first
examine in what corner your bunny is
going to bathroom
not that one not that one and since my
bunny usually has its litter box in the
corner it's that one but it's not it
doesn't have very much poo in it but
yeah and but I face the problem once and
if your bunny peasy one corner and poops
in the other then put it in the one that
she pees in because Pete isn't way more
you know difficult to deal with so so
like like my bunny poops in this corner
very much and she pees in that one so we
put the one in their hand so yeah a
common place for the bunnies to go to
the bathroom is right next to its food
area food and water area and so and so
if you need to put your litter box there
just make sure that that your bunny can
still get to the food and water also
have a very bad problem so this money
goes to the bathroom right there and we
have our litter box equipped with its
coffee chaff and it's beautiful metal
grate and so first thing we need to do
is get the bunny out of that corner okay
so it's very simple wouldn't do that
just to pick them up and put them in
another corner but if you want to really
train them then you go wait
here and she goes over there I know I
know I taught her to do that but you can
do that too and so this is going to stay
right there so you can watch me put it
over there in that corner so now it's
completely installed into that corner
and make sure that you can easily close
and open the door while the litter box
is in there which I can do very very
well
and and about 2 or 3 weeks your bet you
can easily litter treating your bunny
so she's healthier happier and your
hands will be cleaner thank you for
watching and peaches thanks you too bye